# Retrospective: CheckerBoard
This is the reflect on the first challenge we did at the begin of this semester. My solution meet the requirement but are quite different from the solution gave on Canvas.

## 1. Reflect on the work you did for the challenge.
In this challenge, I created a CheckerBoard class accroding to the requirements. 
- Private fields
- It has two constructors.
  1. First constructor receives: int numRows, int numCols, double boardWidth, double boardHeight
  2. Second constructor receives: int numRows, int numCols, double boardWidth, double boardHeight, Color lightColor, Color darkColor
- Declear board as the container of AnchorPane and selection bar.
- Allow users change grid size, color scheme and rectangle size by clicking menu items or dragging window.
- Rectangles are generated as children of AnchorPane. 
- It has a public build() method that builds the board UI and returns an AnchorPane as the root object.
- It has a public getBoard() method that returns the AnchorPane generated by build() or null if one hasn’t been built yet.
- It has the following additional public getters: getNumRows(), getNumCols(), getWidth(), getHeight(), getLightColor(), getDarkColor(), getRectangleWidth(), getRectangleHeight()
- Remove the old AnchorPane and generate a new one when the settings are updated. 
 
## 2. How well did you understand the programming concepts and foundational knowledge needed to complete the challenge?
Need to get familiar with MVC model so that I can understand how to build a class to generate a JavaFX UI and use this controller to generate the checkerboard with varied settings.

## 3. How well did you meet the requirements as set out in the challenge? What requirements did you not meet correctly (if any)?
Overall I think I meet all the requirements. 

## 4. How well does your solution match the posted solution? What is different?
Methods in CheckerBoard class most are same but differently, I seperate Checkers and CheckerBoard as two single class which I think will be more clearly to see.

## 5. How could you improve going forward? What don't you still understand that was required for the challenge?
I can modify the UI to make it readable and easier to modify. Also, when setting the event listener, extracting the code block to form a new function and invoke this function in the lambda expression would improve readability.
